Fighter enhancement: Battery powered fighters (#6726)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/help.txt

	`<Reverse> is used to thrust reverse.`
	`Right mouse click will fire primary weapons.`
	`<Mouse turning (hold)> will toggle mouse turning while it is held.`

help "fighter fleet logistics"
	`Fighter fleet logistics has been enabled. This enables carriers and fighters to support your escorted fleet. The following logistics are supported.`
	``
	`	Fleet refueling if your fighters have fuel and ramscoop.`

help "try out fighter fleet logistics"

> 	`You have a carrier which can support your fleet through logistics. In Preferences and Settings under AI section, turn on "Figher fleet logistics" to learn more.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`You have a carrier which can support your fleet through logistics. In Preferences and Settings under the AI section, turn on "Fighter fleet logistics" to learn more.`
```
